Add guidance / questions on generative AI use (#2269)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: .github/pull_request_template.md

* [ ] Does this PR change the input/output behaviour of a cryptographic algorithm (i.e., does it change known answer test values)?  (If so, a version bump will be required from *x.y.z* to *x.(y+1).0*.)
* [ ] Does this PR change the list of algorithms available -- either adding, removing, or renaming? Does this PR otherwise change an API? (If so, PRs in fully supported downstream projects dependent on these, i.e., [oqs-provider](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider) will also need to be ready for review and merge by the time this is merged.)

> <!-- If this contribution (code, documentation, descriptive text) was produced with the help of generative AI, please describe the nature of the use. Contributors are expected to have reviewed such contributions themselves before submission. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If this contribution (code, documentation, descriptive text) was produced with the help of generative AI, please describe the nature of the use. Contributors are expected to have verified and affirm such contributions themselves before submission. -->
```
